readme.md, before:

#ITea Kata

This is simple experiment for my channel Itea Morning to perfom a basci test and connet it to CI/Cd in less then 1,5 hour
Each itearation will have diffrent challanges

#Example of Challanges
Not using any keyboard (inlcuding onscreen)
Not using mouse
etc

#Test Case to automate:
1. Go to wyrodek.pl
2. Select Contact me
3. Fill The Form
4. Click Submit



# Challange 1 - No Keyboard
0. Time Slot for wrting test 45 min
1. NO keyboard either phisical or on screen for writing code
2. No Testing Recording
3. No Speach to Text - this will be other challange
4. Using keyboard is allowed for:
- Going to the pages
- Googling
- Git Commit
- Naming folder for project
5. I can use code snippets from internet
   - But I cannot use my previously writen code (other katas, repos etc)
   - Exception is keepass for login to CI/CD
   - I can copy url of visited page (no i cannot use it to type code into url)
6. In case of failure we will count how many times I had to break the rules.


# Challange 2. Keyboard only.
0. Time Slot for wrting test 1,5h
1. No mouse - (see exeptions)
2. Using mouse is allowed for:
- Controling obs
- Regaining control is i completly lose when I am i can use it to swich back to app
- checking Cheat sheets, git, phpstorm, dev
- git commit
3. I can copy paste github actions setup

Challenge 3. Wrting code with speach to text.
Challange 4. IDE on smartphone
Challange 5. No google or stackoverflow.

Commit message:

feat(Challange-2): no keyboard onlly

readme.md, after:

#ITea Kata

This is simple experiment for my channel Itea Morning to perfom a basci test and connet it to CI/Cd in less then 1,5 hour
Each itearation will have diffrent challanges

#Example of Challanges
Not using any keyboard (inlcuding onscreen)
Not using mouse
etc

#Test Case to automate:
1. Go to wyrodek.pl
2. Select Contact me
3. Fill The Form
4. Click Submit



# Challange 1 - No Keyboard
0. Time Slot for wrting test 45 min
1. NO keyboard either phisical or on screen for writing code
2. No Testing Recording
3. No Speach to Text - this will be other challange
4. Using keyboard is allowed for:
- Going to the pages
- Googling
- Git Commit
- Naming folder for project
5. I can use code snippets from internet
   - But I cannot use my previously writen code (other katas, repos etc)
   - Exception is keepass for login to CI/CD
   - I can copy url of visited page (no i cannot use it to type code into url)
6. In case of failure we will count how many times I had to break the rules.


# Challange 2. Keyboard only.
0. Time Slot for wrting test 1,5h
1. No mouse - (see exeptions)
2. Using mouse is allowed for:
- Controling obs
- Regaining control is i completly lose when I am i can use it to swich back to app
- checking Cheat sheets, git, phpstorm, dev
- git commit
3. I can copy paste github actions setup

# Challange 3. Speach to Text
0. Time slot for writning test 30 min
1. Code can be writen only using Speach to Text
2. I can use mouse to move focus
3. I can use mouse and keyboard for git and file greation


Challenge 3. Wrting code with speach to text.
Challange 4. IDE on smartphone
Challange 5. No google or stackoverflow.
